LEAPPER PRIVACY POLICY

Effective Date: January [30], 2020
Leapper Technologies Ltd. (“Leapper”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protect
the personal information of its users – members, non-members, collaborators and other visitors (collectively,
the “users” or "you" , "yours" and similar pronouns) browsing our website or mobile application (the “Apps”) as
well as affiliates, influencers, social media followers and other collaborators interacting with us. We do not use
or disclose your personal information to others except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy (or the "Policy") or as
required to provide you with our services through the Apps. The Apps constitute a platform that connects
members and other users with one another through trusted personal contacts recommendations, and serves as platform for business interactions (the "Services").
This Policy explains our privacy practices for the Apps and Services provided by Leapper as well as privacy practices that apply to affiliates, influencers and other collaborators who are natural persons.
We need to process your personal information to run our business and provide our users with the Services. By accepting our HYPERLINK "Leaper.com/terms_of_use"Terms of Use, you are confirming that you have also read and understand this Policy, including how and why we use your information. If you do not want us to collect or process your personal information in the ways described in this Policy, you should not use the Services.
We are not responsible for users' content or the privacy policies or practices of any of our members, non-members, websites hosted through Leapper, third-party websites, or third-party apps.
A "Member" is Leapper registered user with a valid account;
A "Non-member" is a person using the Apps who is not yet a registered Leapper Member.
1.Identity and the contact details of the controller and the controller’s representative
Leapper Technologies, Ltd., company number 515980027
62, Habrosh St, Sdeh Yitzhak, Israel 3884000
support@leapper.com
2.Personal information Processed
2.1In the course of providing our Services, we collect or receive your personal information in a few different
ways. Often, you choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information
for you to use and for us to provide you the Services. For the purposes of European law and unless
otherwise provided in this Policy, Leapper is the data controller and is responsible for your personal
information.
2.2Registration, Account Setup, Profile:
oYour name and a name associated with your account to represent your profile
oan email address
oa telephone number
oa physical postal address
oYour pictures
oYour IP address
oYour date of birth
oYour interests / favorites
You can edit or remove this information through your account settings (other than IP address and
telephone number).
Please note that the use of the Services may require payment of certain fees, which shall be collected
by certified payment service providers (and not by Leapper itself). You may be required to provide the
payment service providers with personal and financial information (such as your name, address, phone
number, payment method and credit card information). The use of such information is subject to the
privacy policies of the payment service providers.

The name associated with your account, which you may review and change in your account settings, is
publicly displayed and connected to your Leapper activity. Other people may see the date you joined;
ratings, reviews, Leapper users and recommendations you have made and connections; your profile
information; your interests, followers, and those you follow; Leapper contacts; and information you
decide to share via social networks.
2.3AutomatedInformation: Leapper automatically receives and records information from your browser or
your mobile device when you visit or using the Apps or use certain other Services, such as:
oURL & Title of pages viewed
oURL & Title of any links that are clicked on pages viewed
oReferrer
oUser agent
oBrowser and browser version
oScreen resolution
ox/y coordinates of mouse events
ocookies, such as unique ID tracking cookie, session ID
This information is stored in log files and is collected automatically.
We may combine this information from your browser or your mobile device with other information
that we or our partners collect about you, including across devices. This information is used to prevent
fraud and to keep the Services secure, to analyze and understand how the Services work for members
and visitors. Further, this information is used to provide advertising, including across your devices, and
a more personalized experience for members and non-members.For more information, see Leapper's
Cookies Policy
2.4Location Information. We may collect information about your use of the Services for advertising, for
analytics, to serve content, and to protect the Services. This may include your IP address, browser
information (including referrers), device information (such as iOS IDFA, IDFV for limited non-advertising
purposes, Android AAID, and, when enabled by you, location information provided by your device). We
may use and store information about your location to provide features and to improve and customize
the Services, for example, for Leapper’s internal analytics and performance monitoring; localization,
regional requirements, and policies for the Services; for local content, search results, and
recommendations and marketing.
If you have consented to share your precise device location details but would no longer like to continue
sharing that information with us, you may revoke your consent to the sharing of that information
through the settings on the Apps or on your mobile device.
Certain non-precise location services, such as for security and localized policies based on your IP address
or submitted address, are critical for the Apps to function.
2.5Analytics Information. We use data analytics to ensure Apps functionality and improve the Services. In
addition to web analytics, we use mobile analytics software to allow us to understand the functionality
of the Apps on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the Apps,
what happens within the Apps, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging
information, and where the Apps were downloaded from. We do not link the information we store
within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit within the
mobile application.
2.6Information from Third Parties. Some members or non-members may choose to connect to Leapper or
register to a Leapper account using an external third-party application, such as Facebook. Leapper may
receive information from those connected third-party applications. Connecting your Leapper account
to third-party applications or services is optional. If you choose to connect your account to a third-party
application, we may receive information from that application. We may also collect public information
in order to connect with you. We may use that information as part of providing the Services to you. You
can also choose to share some of your activity on Leapper on certain social media networks which are
connected to your Leapper account, and you can revoke your permission anytime in your account
settings.

2.7Non-Member Information. Leapper may receive or obtain information about a person who is not yet a
registered Leapper member (a “non-member”) in connection with certain Leapper features, such as
when a member invites a non-member to visit or using the Apps, a member uploads non-member
information using the contact uploader feature for another member or a non-member engages in a
transaction through Leapper. Non-member information, such as, name, phone number or an email
address, is used only for the purposes disclosed when it was submitted to Leapper, for purposes
necessary to the functioning of Leapper's Services or where Leapper has a legitimate interest, as
disclosed below, or to facilitate action authorized by a member or the non-member.
Non-members who are being invited or recommended by a Leapper member to use the Apps (the
"recommending member"), will receive a notice from Leapper, by e-mail or by SMS text message,
allowing the invited non-member to opt-out of the use of the recommending member in his or her
contact information through Leapper, with respect to the recommended transaction.
For the purposes of European law, these recommending members are independent controllers of data,
which means that they are responsible for any contact details or other personal information regarding
an invited non-member they obtain in connection with the Services.
3.Purposes of the Processing of Personal information
3.1We process your personal information for:
3.1.1The operation of our Services in which you want to participate, mainly to facilitate engagements
between members and users and to use personal information (namely contact information) for
Leapper-related communications or for Leapper-facilitated engagements.
3.1.2Creation of anonymized data from your personal information for further statistical and analytical
purposes;
3.1.3Understand you and your preferences and improve your experience; and
3.1.4The following purposes:
oMarketing
oSecurity measures
oAnswering contact inquiries
oComplying with requests from supervisory authorities and other official government bodies
oComplying with legal obligations (e.g. anti-money laundering provisions).
oAs well as our legitimate interests as stated below.
4.Provision of Personal information – Contractual Requirement
Leapper provides a voluntary service; you can choose whether or not you want to use the Services. However,
if you want to use the Services, you need to agree to our HYPERLINK
"Leaper.com/terms_of_use"Terms of Use, which set out the contract between Leapper and its
members and users. As we operate in countries worldwide and use technical infrastructure in the U.S. (by
Google) to deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the contract between us, we need to transfer your
personal information to the U.S. and to allow processing from Israel and other jurisdictions, as necessary to
provide the Services. Simply put, we cannot provide you with the Services and perform our contract with you
without moving your personal information around the world.Further, we cannot execute the respective
Services without having and using your name, some basic identifiers and your contact details.
5.Legal Basis for the Processing
5.1By submitting your Personal information, you consent, acknowledge, and agree that we may collect,
use, transfer, and disclose your Personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
5.2The legal basis for processing personal information for the operation of the Services is for the
performance of a contract with you. This is because Leapper is a platform that connects members and
other users with one another through trusted personal contacts recommendations, and serves as a
platform community for business interactions

5.3The legal basis for processing personal information for marketing and advertising sent to your email
address is your consent.
5.4The legal basis for other processing purposes listed above are:
ocompliance with a legal obligation;
oprotection of the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person; and
oour legitimate interests (as further described below).
5.5The legitimate interests pursued by Leapper can be:
5.5.1Improving our services for our users, efficiency, interest in Services for users, and obtaining insights
into usage patterns of our Services;
5.5.2Keeping our Services Safe and Secure;
5.5.3Prevention of violation of our Leaper.com/terms_of_use;
5.5.4Legal and Safety – we may also retain, preserve, or release your personal information to a third
party in the following limited circumstances:
oPrecautions against potential liability;
oProtection of the rights, property, or safety of Leapper, any individual, or the general public;
oMaintenance and protection of the security and integrity of our product, Services or
infrastructure;
oProtection of ourselves and our Apps, Services or infrastructure from fraudulent, abusive, or
unlawful uses;
oInvestigation and defense of ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; or
oAssistance to government enforcement agencies.
6.Sharing Personal information
6.1We respect your privacy. Leapper will not disclose your name, email address, or other personal
information to third parties without your consent, except as specified in this Policy.
6.2Service Providers. Leapper needs to engage third-party companies and individuals to help us operate,
provide, and market the Services, such as our cloud-service provider, which is hosting the Leapper
platform and any data processed by Leapper, IT-services providers, research companies, payment
service providers and analytics and security providers. These third parties have only limited access to
your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated
to Leapper not to disclose or use your information for other purposes.
Our engagement of service providers is often necessary for us to provide the Services to you, particularly
where such companies play important roles like processing payments and shipments and helping us
keep our Service operating and secure. In some other cases, these service providers aren’t strictly
necessary for us to provide the Services, but help us make it better, like by helping us conduct research
into how we could better serve our users. In these latter cases, we have a legitimate interest in working
with service providers to make our Services better.
6.3Aggregated Information: Leapper may share demographic information with business partners, but it will
be aggregated and de-identified so that personal information is not revealed.
6.4Connect an account. If you have chosen to connect your account to an external third-party application,
such as Facebook, or an app developed using the API, you can change your settings and remove
permission for the app by changing your account settings.
6.5Advertise through the Services. We or our members may advertise products and services through variety
of different mediums based on the Services as a platform and rely on your consent to do so off-site. As
part of this, we may work with advertising partners such as Facebook, Google, and other partners, and
you may see the privacy policies and privacy choices for these partners in their websites.
We also partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners
may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your
browsing activities and interests. These interactions are subject to the Privacy Policy of the third-party

site. In addition, certain cookies and other similar technologies on the Apps are used by third parties for
targeted online marketing and other purposes. These technologies allow a partner to recognize your
computer or mobile device each time you use the Services. Please be aware that when you use third-
party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services.
6.6Business Reorganization. In some cases, Leapper may choose to buy or sell assets. Such transactions,
such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or substantially all of Leapper’s assets,
may be necessary and in our legitimate interests. In these types of transactions, users’ information is
typically one of the business assets that is transferred. If Leapper intends to transfer information about
you, Leapper will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the App, and you will be
afforded an opportunity to opt out before information about you becomes subject to a different privacy
policy.
6.7Corporate Customers. Leapper may share your content available through the Apps, such as commercial
data, statistics and analytical data with its corporate customers, provided that, you are affiliated to such
corporate customer. Access to your content will be based on appropriate safeguards and contractual
obligations of confidentiality and data protection. For the avoidance of doubt, Leapper will not share
your personal information with such corporate customer or anyone on its behalf.
6.8This Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties (such as other members who sell using the
Services, certain third-party providers on whom we rely to provide certain services, or API users) that
Leapper does not own or control, or individuals that Leapper does not employ or manage, except as
otherwise provided for in the HYPERLINK "Leaper.com/terms_of_use"Terms of Service or as
required by law. To the full extent applicable in your jurisdiction, Leapper is not responsible for the
privacy or security practices of these third party providers, API users, or other websites on the internet,
even those linked to or from the Services. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask
questions of third parties before you disclose your personal information to them.
For the purposes of European law, these third party providers, and API users are independent controllers
of data, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies
relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the Services.
7.Your Rights
7.1We know that members of our community value having control over their own information, so Leapper
gives you the choice of providing, editing, or removing certain information, as well as choices about how
we contact you.
7.2You may change or correct your Leapper account information through your account settings.
7.3You may also remove certain optional information that you no longer wish to be publicly visible through
the Services, such as your name.
7.4You can also request from delete your personal information or to restrict processing concerning yourself
or to object to processing.
7.5Depending on your location, you may also have certain additional rights with respect to your
information, such as: (i) data access and portability (including the right to obtain a copy of your personal
information you provided to Leapper, via your settings); (ii) data correction (including the ability to
update your personal information, in many cases via settings); (iii) data deletion (including the right to
have Leapper delete your personal information, except information we are required to retain by law,
regulation, or to protect the safety, security, and integrity of Leapper, by contacting us); and/or, (iv)
withdrawal of consent or objection to processing (including, in limited circumstances, the right to ask
Leapper to stop processing your personal information, with some exceptions, by contacting us).
7.6Further, you have the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority in your Member State.
7.7We use non-technically necessary cookies and similar technologies. A more detailed explanation of the
technologies we use, and how to opt out when applicable, can be found in our Cookies Policy.
7.8You may also control the receipt of certain types of communications from Leapper in your account
settings. Leapper may send you messages about the Services or your activity. Some of these messages
are required, service-related messages for members (such as transactional messages or legal notices).

1
Other messages are not required, such as newsletters. You can control which optional messages you
choose to receive by changing your account settings.
8.Findability/connectivity
8.1As default, your connection is through your mobile device’s phone number or address book. In the future
you may be able to choose to connect directly with your email service provider, your mobile device’s
phone number or address book, or a social network account to import your contacts to Leapper. We do
not retain the login information for your email service, mobile device, or social network site. You may
be able to search for people you know by email address or phone number on the Apps or by connecting
to your mobile device’s contact list through the Apps. Finding your friends on Leapper helps you connect
with them on our platform. For example, you can follow another member’s public activity, such as public
interests. When you begin following another member’s activity, they will receive a notification through
the Apps.
8.2If you do not want your contacts to be able to find you on Leapper through your email address, phone
number, or social networking connections, in the future you will be able to change your findability
through your account settings. If you do not wish to be located on Leapper via your name, you can
remove your name and instead may use a nickname or alias as your name in your public account
information.
8.3Non-members who are being invited or recommended by a Leapper member to use the Apps, will
receive notice once they are so invited. Such non-members may opt-out of the mailing list of such
member, prohibiting him or her from using the non-members' contact information with respect to the
recommended transaction. Members shall have full responsibility for using non-members' contact
information and for inviting them to use the Apps.
9.Community
9.1Leapper is a community. We offer several features that allow members to connect and communicate in
public or semi-public spaces, which are a part of the Leapper community space. You don't have to use
these features, but if you do, please use common sense and good judgment when posting in these
community spaces or sharing your personal information with others through the Services.
9.2Be aware that any personal information that you choose to submit there can be read, collected, or used
by others, or could be used to send unsolicited messages to you. We may engage certain third parties
to assist in providing community services to you and, in the context of that relationship, we need to
share some of your information with such third parties in order to provide that service. This may include,
for example, public information from your private or business profile, information from your Leapper
account that is publicly available, your account’s status and team memberships, your Leapper username
and/or title, the display name you’ve optionally chosen to share publicly in your Leapper account, avatar
image, the date that you registered on Leapper, interests, as well as any other feature you may wish to
disclose on Leapper.
9.3Leapper generally does not remove content from community spaces, and your public information may
remain public after your account is closed, although your name will no longer be displayed alongside the
post, unless you ask for its deletion. You are responsible for the personal information that you choose
to post in community spaces through the Services. You can set your privacy preferences and download
your data in your community settings, and close or delete your community account by submitting a
request to Leapper.
9.4Another member may follow your public activity on the Apps to receive updates, such as when you add
an item to your public interests. You may choose to make certain activities private through your account
settings. You have the option to block any member with whom you do not wish to share your updates.
10.If you engage with another member or a non-member using our Services or through the use of
Leapper’s API, you may receive and determine what to do with certain personal information. Your
privacy responsibilities, including when you act as an independent data controller (someone who
decides what personal information to collect and the purpose you use the data for) are laid out in
the Leapper Terms of Use.
11.Withdrawing Consent

You can choose to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information and your use of the Services
at any time by permanently closing and deleting your account through your account settings, or by using
specific features provided to enable you to withdraw consent, like an email unsubscribe link or your account
privacy preferences. If your account does not have any open issues such as unpaid bills, unfulfilled orders,
unresolved cases, or policy violations, you will receive an email with instructions to confirm your deletion
request. We may be required to retain certain information for legal, regulatory, tax, security, or compliance
reasons for a limited period of time, after which it will be deleted. This deletion is permanent, and your
account cannot be reinstated.
12.Children
HYPERLINK "Leaper.com/terms_of_use"Leapper’s Terms of Use require all account owners to be at
least 18 years of age. Minors under 18 years of age and at least 16 years of age are permitted to use Leapper's
Services only if they have the appropriate permission and direct supervision by the owner of the account (a
parent or legal guardian). Children under age 16 are not permitted to use Leapper or the Services. You are
responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
13.Storage Duration
Your personal information (phone number) will only be stored for as long as the Services are ongoing. Upon
the completion of a reasonable waiting period to ensure that the Services have reached their conclusion, all
phone numbers and e-mail addresses are purged. Notwithstanding, any individual phone numbers and e-
mail address shall be purged from every place in which it is stored upon receiving such request from such e-
mail address.
14.International Data Transfer
The Platform is hosted in the cloud by an international service provider and the physical location of any
personal information stored by the platform is restricted to the U.S. by Google, under the EU-US Privacy
Shield framework.
The personal information will be accessed from personnel in Israel. Israel was recognized by the European
Commission as providing adequate protection to personal information in terms of Chapter V of the GDPR.
The adequacy decision can be found here:
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32011D0061.
15.Security
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. We follow generally accepted standards to
protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. We work
to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software,
which encrypts information you input.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and
disclosure of your personal information.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your account information is protected by a password. It is important that you protect against unauthorized
access to your account and information by choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password
and computer secure, such as by signing out after using the Services. It is also important for you to protect
against unauthorized access to your computers, devices, and applications.
16.Contact
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or need to contact us in respect of any subject matter covered
within this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@leapper.com.
17.Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy at our reasonable discretion and in accordance with the respectively
applicable laws and regulations. When this occurs, we will change the “Effective Date” listed at the top of
this Privacy Policy.Other than where we have sought such explicit consent from you, your continued use of

the Apps after we make changes will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those
changes, so please check this Policy periodically for any updates or changes.
**
2019 © Leapper
Privacy & Terms
